[Merged by Bors] - Updated docs (#411)
stackabletech/trino-operator: docs/modules/trino/pages/concepts.adoc

= Concepts

== [[connectors]]Connectors

> https://trino.io/docs/current/overview/use-cases.html#what-trino-is[Trino] is a tool designed to efficiently query vast amounts of data using distributed queries. It is not a database with its own store but rather interacts with many types of store. Trino connects to these stores - or data sources - via https://trino.io/docs/current/connector.html[connectors].
> Each connector enables access to a specific underlying datasource such as a Hive warehouse, a PostgreSQL database or a Druid instance.
> 
> A Trino cluster comprises two roles: the Coordinator, responsible for managing and monitoring work loads, and the Worker, which is responsible for executing specific tasks that together make up a work load. The workers fetch data from the connectors, execute tasks and share intermediate results. The coordinator collects and consolidates these results for the end-user.

Reviewer: Not part of this PR, just did not like the term "store".
```suggestion
https://trino.io/docs/current/overview/use-cases.html#what-trino-is[Trino] is a tool designed to efficiently query vast amounts of data using distributed queries. It is not a database with its own storage but rather interacts with many different data stores. Trino connects to these data stores - or data sources - via https://trino.io/docs/current/connector.html[connectors].
Each connector enables access to a specific underlying data source such as a Hive warehouse, a PostgreSQL database or a Druid instance.

A Trino cluster comprises two roles: the Coordinator, responsible for managing and monitoring work loads, and the Worker, which is responsible for executing specific tasks that together make up a work load. The workers fetch data from the connectors, execute tasks and share intermediate results. The coordinator collects and consolidates these results for the end-user.
```
